Nom du fichier : 
 	Das_Martins
Titre de l'article : 
 	A Survey on Automatic Text Summarization  Dipanjan Das ... 
Auteurs : 
2. Performance Measure, Corpora for Evaluation, and Intended Markup
	Andr´e F.T. Martins 
	 
	Language Technologies Institute 
	Carnegie Mellon University 
	{dipanjan, afm}@cs.cmu.edu 
	 
	November 21, 2007 
	 
	Abstract 
	 
	The increasing availability of online information has necessitated intensive 
	research in the area of automatic text summarization within the Natural Lan- 
	guage Processing (NLP) community. Over the past half a century, the prob- 
	lem has been addressed from many diﬀerent perspectives, in varying domains 
	and using various paradigms. This survey intends to investigate some of the 
	most relevant approaches both in the areas of single-document and multiple- 
	document summarization, giving special emphasis to empirical methods and 
	extractive techniques. Some promising approaches that concentrate on speciﬁc 
	details of the summarization problem are also discussed. Special attention is 
	devoted to automatic evaluation of summarization systems, as future research 
	on summarization is strongly dependent on progress in this area. 
	 

Introduction : 
	 	  	Introduction  	  	The subﬁeld of summarization has been investigated by the NLP community for  	nearly the last half century. Radev et al. (2002)...

Corps : 
	2 Single-Document Summarization 	  	Usually, the ﬂow of information in a given document is not uniform, which means  	that some parts are more important than others. The major challenge in summa-  	rization lies in distinguishing the more informative parts of a document from the  	less ones. Though ...

Conclusion : 
	6  	  	The rate of information growth due to the World Wide Web has called for a need  	to develop eﬃcient and accurate summarization systems. Althoug...

Discussion : 
	s 	  	We would like to thank Noah Smith and Einat Minkov for valuable suggestions  	during the course of the survey. We would also like to thank Alex ...

Bibliographie : 
	s 
